1.	IP address
2.	static/dynamic differences 
3.	ip v4 vs v6
4.	subnet musk
5.	dns




1.IP Address:	An IP address is a unique address that identifies a device on the internet or a local network. 
IP stands for "Internet Protocol," which is the set of rules governing the format of data sent via the internet or local network.
An IP address is a string of numbers separated by periods. IP addresses are expressed as a set of 
four numbers — an example address might be 192.158.1.38. Each number in the set can range from 0 to 255.
So, the full IP addressing range goes from 0.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.255.
IP addresses are not random. They are mathematically produced and allocated by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA),
 a division of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN). ICANN is a non-profit organization that was 
established in the United States in 1998 to help maintain the security of the internet and allow it to be usable by all. 
Each time anyone registers a domain on the internet, they go through a domain name registrar, who pays a small fee to ICANN 
to register the domain.

Types of ip
1. consumer
2. private
3. public-> a.dynamic	b.static




2. static vs dynamic
Dynamic IP addresses:	Dynamic IP addresses change automatically and regularly. ISPs buy a large pool of IP addresses and 
assign them automatically to their customers. Periodically, they re-assign them and put the older IP addresses back into the 
pool to be used for other customers. The rationale for this approach is to generate cost savings for the ISP. Automating the 
regular movement of IP addresses means they don’t have to carry out specific actions to re-establish a customer's IP address 
if they move home, for example. There are security benefits, too, because a changing IP address makes it harder for criminals 
to hack into your network interface.

Static IP addresses:	In contrast to dynamic IP addresses, static addresses remain consistent. Once the network assigns an 
IP address, it remains the same. Most individuals and businesses do not need a static IP address, but for businesses that plan 
to host their own server, it is crucial to have one. This is because a static IP address ensures that websites and email addresses 
tied to it will have a consistent IP address — vital if you want other devices to be able to find them consistently on the web.